Statistics: add notice on max_age - closes #25506 (#25507)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/statistics.markdown

  required: false
  type: string
{% endconfiguration %}

> | :exclamation: An important note of `max_age` and `sampling_size`t   |

Reviewer: This is not how we write notices, please consult our developer documentation for more information on how to write documentation.

Considering the limited message below, I'm not sure if any emphasis is needed at all.

|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

> The `max_age` variable is only valid within the measured samples specified by `sampling_size` (default 20). Specify a wide-enough `sampling_size` if using an extended max age (eg, when looking for `max_age` 1 hour, a sensor which produces 1 measurement a minute should have at least a `sampling_size` of 60.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `max_age` option is only valid within the measured samples specified by `sampling_size` (default 20). Specify a wide-enough `sampling_size` if using an extended max-age (e.g., when looking for `max_age` 1 hour, a sensor that produces one measurement a minute should have at least a `sampling_size` of 60.
```
